in those days there was no king in
in those days there was no king in Israel and in those days the tribe of
Israel and in those days the tribe of
Israel and in those days the tribe of the Danites was seeking an inheritance
the Danites was seeking an inheritance
the Danites was seeking an inheritance for itself to dwell in for until that
for itself to dwell in for until that
for itself to dwell in for until that day their inheritance among the tribes
day their inheritance among the tribes
day their inheritance among the tribes of Israel had not fallen to them so the
of Israel had not fallen to them so the
of Israel had not fallen to them so the children of Dan sent five men of their
children of Dan sent five men of their
children of Dan sent five men of their family from their territory man of Valor
family from their territory man of Valor
family from their territory man of Valor from Zoda
from Zoda
from Zoda and Ishmael to spy out the land and
and Ishmael to spy out the land and
and Ishmael to spy out the land and search it they said to them go search
search it they said to them go search
search it they said to them go search the land so they went to the mountains
the land so they went to the mountains
the land so they went to the mountains of Ephraim to the house of Micah and
of Ephraim to the house of Micah and
of Ephraim to the house of Micah and lodged there while they were at the
lodged there while they were at the
lodged there while they were at the house of Micah they recognized the voice
house of Micah they recognized the voice
house of Micah they recognized the voice of the young Levite they turned aside
of the young Levite they turned aside
of the young Levite they turned aside and said to him who brought you here
and said to him who brought you here
and said to him who brought you here what are you doing in this place
what are you doing in this place
what are you doing in this place what do you have here the sand so Micah
what do you have here the sand so Micah
what do you have here the sand so Micah did for me he has hired me and I have
did for me he has hired me and I have
did for me he has hired me and I have become his priest please inquire of God
become his priest please inquire of God
become his priest please inquire of God that we may know whether the journey on
that we may know whether the journey on
that we may know whether the journey on which we will go will be prosperous go
which we will go will be prosperous go
which we will go will be prosperous go in peace the presence of the Lord will
in peace the presence of the Lord will
in peace the presence of the Lord will be with you on your way so the five men
be with you on your way so the five men
be with you on your way so the five men departed and went to Liege
departed and went to Liege
departed and went to Liege they saw the people who were there how
they saw the people who were there how
they saw the people who were there how they dwelt safely in the manner of the
they dwelt safely in the manner of the
they dwelt safely in the manner of the sidonians quiet and secure there were no
sidonians quiet and secure there were no
sidonians quiet and secure there were no rulers in the land who might put them to
rulers in the land who might put them to
rulers in the land who might put them to shame for anything they were far from
shame for anything they were far from
shame for anything they were far from the sidonians
the sidonians
the sidonians and they had no ties with anyone
then the spies came back to their
then the spies came back to their brethren at zorah and eshtaol and their
brethren at zorah and eshtaol and their
brethren at zorah and eshtaol and their brethren said to them what is your
brethren said to them what is your
brethren said to them what is your report arise let us go up against them
report arise let us go up against them
report arise let us go up against them for we have seen the land and indeed it
for we have seen the land and indeed it
for we have seen the land and indeed it is very good would you do nothing do not
is very good would you do nothing do not
is very good would you do nothing do not hesitate to go and enter to possess the
hesitate to go and enter to possess the
hesitate to go and enter to possess the land when you go you will come to a
land when you go you will come to a
land when you go you will come to a secure people in a large land for God
secure people in a large land for God
secure people in a large land for God has given it into your hands a place
has given it into your hands a place
has given it into your hands a place where there is no lack of anything that
where there is no lack of anything that
where there is no lack of anything that is on the earth and six hundred men of
is on the earth and six hundred men of
is on the earth and six hundred men of the family of the Danites went from
the family of the Danites went from
the family of the Danites went from there from zorah and eshtaol armed with
there from zorah and eshtaol armed with
there from zorah and eshtaol armed with weapons of war then they went up and
weapons of war then they went up and
weapons of war then they went up and encamped at Kiev cheering in Judah
encamped at Kiev cheering in Judah
encamped at Kiev cheering in Judah therefore they call that place Mayhan a
therefore they call that place Mayhan a
therefore they call that place Mayhan a dam to this day there it is west of Kiev
dam to this day there it is west of Kiev
dam to this day there it is west of Kiev cheering and they passed from there to
cheering and they passed from there to
cheering and they passed from there to the mountains of Ephraim and came to the
the mountains of Ephraim and came to the
the mountains of Ephraim and came to the house of Micah when the five men who had
house of Micah when the five men who had
house of Micah when the five men who had gone to spy out the country of Liege
gone to spy out the country of Liege
gone to spy out the country of Liege answered and said to their brethren do
answered and said to their brethren do
answered and said to their brethren do you know that there are in these houses
you know that there are in these houses
you know that there are in these houses an ephod household idols a carved image
an ephod household idols a carved image
an ephod household idols a carved image and a molded image now therefore
and a molded image now therefore
and a molded image now therefore consider what you should do so they
consider what you should do so they
consider what you should do so they turned aside there and came to the house
turned aside there and came to the house
turned aside there and came to the house of the young Levite man to the house of
of the young Levite man to the house of
of the young Levite man to the house of Micah and greeted him the six hundred
Micah and greeted him the six hundred
Micah and greeted him the six hundred men armed with their weapons of war who
men armed with their weapons of war who
men armed with their weapons of war who were of the children of Dan stood by the
were of the children of Dan stood by the
were of the children of Dan stood by the entrance of the gate then the five men
entrance of the gate then the five men
entrance of the gate then the five men who had gone to spy out the land went up
who had gone to spy out the land went up
who had gone to spy out the land went up venturing there they took the carved
venturing there they took the carved
venturing there they took the carved image the effort the household idols and
image the effort the household idols and
image the effort the household idols and the molded energy the priest stood at
the molded energy the priest stood at
the molded energy the priest stood at the entrance of the gate with the six
the entrance of the gate with the six
the entrance of the gate with the six hundred men who were armed with weapons
hundred men who were armed with weapons
hundred men who were armed with weapons of war when these went into Micah's
of war when these went into Micah's
of war when these went into Micah's house and took the car bridge the ephod
house and took the car bridge the ephod
house and took the car bridge the ephod and the household idols and the molded
and the household idols and the molded
and the household idols and the molded image the priest said to them what are
image the priest said to them what are
image the priest said to them what are you doing
you doing
you doing be quiet put your hand over your mouth
be quiet put your hand over your mouth
be quiet put your hand over your mouth and
and
and come with us be a father and a priest to
come with us be a father and a priest to
come with us be a father and a priest to us is it better for you to be a priest
us is it better for you to be a priest
us is it better for you to be a priest to the household of one man or that you
to the household of one man or that you
to the household of one man or that you be a priest to a tribe and a family in
be a priest to a tribe and a family in
be a priest to a tribe and a family in Israel so the priests heart was glad and
Israel so the priests heart was glad and
Israel so the priests heart was glad and he took the e friend the household idols
he took the e friend the household idols
he took the e friend the household idols and the carved image and took his place
and the carved image and took his place
and the carved image and took his place among the people
among the people
among the people then they turned and departed and put
then they turned and departed and put
then they turned and departed and put the little ones the livestock and the
the little ones the livestock and the
the little ones the livestock and the goods in front of them when they were a
goods in front of them when they were a
goods in front of them when they were a good way from the house of Micah the men
good way from the house of Micah the men
good way from the house of Micah the men who were in the houses near Micah's
who were in the houses near Micah's
who were in the houses near Micah's house gathered together and overtook the
house gathered together and overtook the
house gathered together and overtook the children of Dan and they called out to
children of Dan and they called out to
children of Dan and they called out to the children of Dan so they turned
the children of Dan so they turned
the children of Dan so they turned around and said to Micah what ails you
around and said to Micah what ails you
around and said to Micah what ails you that you have gathered such a company
that you have gathered such a company
that you have gathered such a company you have taken away my God's which I
you have taken away my God's which I
you have taken away my God's which I made and the priests and you have gone
made and the priests and you have gone
made and the priests and you have gone away now what more do I have how can you
away now what more do I have how can you
away now what more do I have how can you say to me what ails you do not let your
say to me what ails you do not let your
say to me what ails you do not let your voice be heard among us lest angry men
voice be heard among us lest angry men
voice be heard among us lest angry men fall upon you and you lose your life
fall upon you and you lose your life
fall upon you and you lose your life with the lives of your household then
with the lives of your household then
with the lives of your household then the children of Dan went their way and
the children of Dan went their way and
the children of Dan went their way and when Microsoft that they were too strong
when Microsoft that they were too strong
when Microsoft that they were too strong for him he turned and went back to his
for him he turned and went back to his
for him he turned and went back to his house so they took the things Micah had
house so they took the things Micah had
house so they took the things Micah had made and the priests who had belonged to
made and the priests who had belonged to
made and the priests who had belonged to him and went too late to her people
him and went too late to her people
him and went too late to her people quiet and secure and they struck them
quiet and secure and they struck them
quiet and secure and they struck them with the edge of the sword and burned
with the edge of the sword and burned
with the edge of the sword and burned the city with fire there was no
the city with fire there was no
the city with fire there was no deliverer because it was far from siting
deliverer because it was far from siting
deliverer because it was far from siting and they had no ties with anyone
and they had no ties with anyone
and they had no ties with anyone it was in the valley that belongs to
it was in the valley that belongs to
it was in the valley that belongs to Beth rehad so they rebuilt the city and
Beth rehad so they rebuilt the city and
Beth rehad so they rebuilt the city and dwelt there and they called the name of
dwelt there and they called the name of
dwelt there and they called the name of the city dan after the name of Dan their
the city dan after the name of Dan their
the city dan after the name of Dan their father who was born to Israel however
father who was born to Israel however
father who was born to Israel however the name of the city formerly was laid
the name of the city formerly was laid
the name of the city formerly was laid then the children of Dan set up for
then the children of Dan set up for
then the children of Dan set up for themselves the carved image and Jonathan
themselves the carved image and Jonathan
themselves the carved image and Jonathan the son of Gershon the son of Manasseh
the son of Gershon the son of Manasseh
the son of Gershon the son of Manasseh and his sons were priests to the tribe
and his sons were priests to the tribe
and his sons were priests to the tribe of Dan until the day of the captivity of
of Dan until the day of the captivity of
of Dan until the day of the captivity of the land so they set out for themselves
the land so they set out for themselves
the land so they set out for themselves Micah's carved image which he made all
Micah's carved image which he made all
Micah's carved image which he made all the time that the house of God was in
the time that the house of God was in
the time that the house of God was in Shiloh
Shiloh
Shiloh [Music]